Gold 4-4TA: Okay.S4: So the source does not change.S3: We keep saying - S1: Yeah.S3: Are we totally wrong, is that what the problem is? Like...S2: Are we right, are we right in saying that the field.S3: I feel like we keep saying over and over again that the field stays the same, the force is different, but-S4: Is that wrong?S3: - I feel it keeps, are we not going anywhere? Is that not the right thinking?S2: Like, we're having a hard time deciding whether you're trying to talk us into-S3: - into saying that the field does change, depending on distance. Is that what you're trying to tell us?S2: - changing our mind or just reaffirming what we already know. Are we right in thinking that the field doesn't depend on distance?TA: It does depend on distance.S2: The field does depend on distance.TA: Yeah.S4: What is the field?TA: The field is, I mean you can think about the strength of the wind blowing.S4: Okay, so the field isn't the source. The field, the field is wherever you are, where your object is.TA: We kind of divided things into two groups. Like the fan and the kite. But now we're talking about kind of a third piece, right? Like the distance is like another thing, here, that we have to take into account. And obviously the distance is independent of the kite, right? And the distance in a way is independent of the fan. But if we talk about the wind field, does it depend where we are?S2: Yeah, so I guess like what you're saying is, the wind field is how much it can put out if something was so much far away, like, that. Hey, I know what I'm trying to say [inaudible].S4: The wind field is-S2: The wind field is a number.S4: The wind field is determined by the distance where you are.S3: And then [inaudible]S4: So like this, if this is the fan, this wind field, this is a wind field and this would be considered a different wind field.S3: And that's the weaker wind field?TA: Well, it's, it's all the same.S2: Well, it would be different magnitudes.TA: - wind field coming out of the fan, right?S3: Right.T: Like the fan just, is the fan changing the strength of the air that it's blowing out?S4: No.S3: No, it stays the same.TA: It, it's constant. So the source is still constant.S4: So, it's the location in the field.TA: Right. Depends on how strong the field is.S4: Okay.S1: Okay.S4: So, basically-TA: I need to pass back homeworks, so.S1: Okay.