Gold 4-3S1: Mm-hmm.TA: Okay. So, intuitively, did you feel like the electric field at point B would be greater than, equal to, or less than point A?S2: We said equal.TA: Equal to?S4: Mm-hmm.TA: You guys all agree?S1: Yeah.TA: Okay. Why?S1: Cause again, the field is just something that's being emitted by the rod. It's the same. It's kind of like constant, just, wherever, I mean-S2: For that rod.S1: Yeah, for that rod.TA: Okay.S3: Mm-hmm.TA:  If you go back to the wind analogy with the fan and the kite, would you expect the wind field to be greater than, less than, or equal if you were closer to the fan than at point A?S2: MmmmTA: If you're closer to the fan than point A was, would you expect the wind field to be less than, equal to, or greater than? The wind field at point A.S4: Greater, but that's not right.S1: Yeah.S3: I know, I feel like we're supposed to say greater.TA: Why. Why?S4: Cause-TA: I mean, this is intuitive. It's an intuitive question.S4: Cause it's closer and then you'd feel the wind more because you're closer to it.S3: Right.S1: You have less, less room for the wind to dissipate.S2: The farther you get out, the more the field, like, yeah.TA: You guys all agree with that? What do you know about um electric forces and things like that?S4: The closer you are, the more you feel it.TA: Yeah, there's also a- do you guys agree with? S2: Mm-hmmTA: Yeah, there's some sort of distance relationship as well.S3: So it is greater.S2: Cause we, we, like we said that we thought the electric force would be greater, but, but are we changing our electric field answer now too? To be greater? S4: I think the field-S2: Cause I feel like the field is still the same, it's just your forces changing depending of the distance.S4: I feel like that factor will change, depending on the distance,S2: You mean the field?S4: No, the factor, like-S2: Oh, yeah, yeah.S4: - the Newtons per meter squared, like we had for the fan. Like whatever, per ch-, per Coulomb or whatever, will change. Force per charge will change depending on wh-, how close you are. But I think the field will, will be constant.  